The Joe Rogan experience. Now, the,
there was for a long time,
a stigma associated with anything that had anything to do with mushrooms. Um,
uh, particularly because of psychedelic mushrooms, is that, has that alleviated.
I know the John Hopkins study on siliciden has shown some pretty incredible
benefits and there's a lot of people now that are starting to look to it for
treatment, for people with PTSD or addiction issues.
Has that become more mainstream in, in your experience?
It's, there's a vast title change in medical science.
There was a, a slide. Um,
these are just a few of the universities right now that have been approved
by the FDA and other agencies for human clinical studies on psilocybin.
Wow. So we work in Harvard, Stanford.
Purdue, um, Penn, Toronto,
university of Toronto. That's amazing.
So that's only a few of them. I actually could put the department.
Of veterans affairs. That's very interesting as well, right?
If I could put up 20 more, but you couldn't read them.
Cause I had to be able to, just to be able. So, but this,
this is a huge shift and the, the clinical studies are coming out for,
as you know, PTSD in particular has been extremely useful,
but one of them that came out at Johns Hopkins for breaking tobacco addiction,
15 patients, small clinical studies,
statistically significant 10 out of 15 people after one or
two heroic doses of psilocybin, 12 months later had not smoked a cigarette.
Wow. That, so,
I mean to break tobacco addiction was one of the most addictive substances on
this planet is phenomenal. That's incredible.
And the other research for PTSD depression,
I'm really excited about cognition, creativity. I think we can.
There's a lot of smart people out there.
A lot of smart people listening to your podcast.
I think the idea of micro-dosing and being able to increase our
ability of cognition and creativity to come up with a solutions that can get it
out, get us out of this mess. Just think of that.
If we had hundreds of millions of people thinking about solutions,
like I've come up with the solve.
Some of the environmental challenges we have today for food biosecurity,
the loss of B is a threat to our national security.
Just think about the threat to our economy. Um,
so this microdosing I think has enormous potential as well.
And when you think about, um, th th the,
one of the issues I see right now with the clinical studies is like, uh,
almost as too good to be true, statistically significant, great universities,
great science published in peer reviewed journals the top of their game,
but they, they, these mushrooms have so many benefits, um, for fighting,
uh, dementia,
potentially Alzheimer's Johns Hopkins has an Alzheimer clinical study ongoing,
uh, currently, uh, for a dose of psilocybin to see if it helps,
uh, pre Alzheimer's patients and not go into full blown Alzheimers.
There's so many different benefits, potentially.
It's almost like a chaos of data, how it's almost too good to be true. So, uh,
my, my team and Pam, Crisco's the MD from British Columbia.
We've been working with people and we have just launched today, uh, an app,
uh, that's at microdose.me and entendre
microdose taught me it's available on the apple store.
It's available on Android. And this is a quick little, wait a minute, a.
Microdosing study on Mo and apple loud this on the app store. Yup.
That's a big shift. And it's because this is a schedule,
one drug that they're talking about taking on microdose
levels. I mean, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm just saying what it is, right? I mean,
obviously, you know what camp I'm in. I want everybody to do it, but this,
this is really significant. And.
Is that measures, uh, uh, your ability to hear vision,
the tap test, you know, and how quickly you can tap your fingers. It's it's, uh,
w whatever you're stocking it with,
but it's also good for non psychoactive substance use.
What is your baseline? So you're getting older, I'm getting older.
I'm getting younger. Do I have a new thing? Okay.
I vote for you. I figured it out, but the idea is to create baselines in, oh,
and then you create a baseline over time.
And then on how far you deteriorated or.
What your trend line is versus the general population.
So the idea with the Microsoft microdose, uh,
dot me is that we'll create a massive dataset, massive amount of data.
And then we'll offer this to clinicians for them to see signal from the noise.
I suspect hypothetically, I don't have the evidence,
but several doctors have collected case studies of tinnitus or tinnitus.
Both with pronunciations are correct of the buzzing in your ears.
And being able,
and people have resolved that from doing microdosing and 30% of Americans
have hearing loss or more is progressive over time.
How much hearing loss leads to depression,
because you can't hear your loved one, say things, and you're getting arguments.
And I didn't hear you. And you didn't say that. And I mean, just,
it just ramifies out.
So the ability of being able to have better cognition,
better neurological development, um, and helping hearing vision,
uh, depression,
if the interesting thing about the microdosing that we've been collecting is,
uh, people tend to be happier and they're happier. They're more creative.
And whether they're more creative or happier, you learning a new kata,
you are excited the next day, you nailed it. You're up and going to do it again.
You're writing a new book, you're doing an artist's work. So creativity breeds,
happiness, happiness, breeds, creativity. And then the opposite is true.
Malays and depression. You're not as creative. You're, uh,
you're, you're not enjoying life, not looking forward to the next day.
So I think it's almost a binary choice and the idea of using microdosing and th
the, the definite of microdosing is, is,
has sort of a variable interpretations.
So the using the SolarCity cubensis scale,
which is the most common sell-side mushroom in the world, um,
one gram is liftoff.
Five grams is what Terrence would say was a hero's journey.
And when I was on last, I did with you, I did 20 grams. You know,
that was a little bit much you might say,
but when you do one 10th of a one gram, you don't feel it one 20th,
for sure. You don't feel it.
So the idea is you do dosing below the threshold of intoxication,
but then it benefits neurogenesis.
Now there's an extraordinarily interesting study that came out with
mice,
but I think it's translational medicine and they were doing a micro dosing
versus macro dosing. So
these are some numbers,
but basically one gram is almost equivalent to one milligram per kilogram of
body weight. 70 kilos is 152 pounds.
And so at one milligram per kilogram of where these mice that's like
one gram of cubensis that's, that's a dose. Um, it's not a super high dose,
but it's a dose. So what they did with these mice,
as they had them in an arena with a metal floor,
and they gave a tone Dawn, then 40 seconds later,
they were shocked. So they had the tone again, a few minutes later,
40 seconds later, they got shocked. After 10 rotations,
the mice realized like Pavlov's dog,
when there was a tone that was going to be a negative consequence,
a shock happening. So the mice were cower in fear.
So then they dosed them with a micro dose 0.1 milligrams per kilogram versus one
milligram per kilogram, one 10th of a, of a dose versus a full dose.
Interestingly, the full dose, it took 10 rotations of no shock,
the tone,
no shock before they forgot or became reacclimated,
uh, not to have the fear conditioning response with the microdose.
One 10th of that. No, I took two rotations, two rotations.
And so the micro dose and they dissociated potentially PTSD.
Why do you think it's a less, well, that's a really good question.
And the evidence we have so far, and again, this is very early evidence.
Lots of research is going on. This.
It looks at the neurogenic benefits of microdosing are greater than the
neurogenic benefits of macro dosing. You, you flood,
the receptors are having this incredible trip has fantastic. It's colorful.
It's life-changing yes,
that is all beneficial for changing your life, but
dosing over the long term,
because the nerves don't regrow and six hours,
but over weeks of region, generation of nerves with micro-dosing,
it seems to me that the dosing, instead of flooding and overwhelming,
all the receptors are feeding these receptors.
They're allowing for neurogenesis. Now this is a, again, a hypothesis.
There's so many great people studying this right now,
but I'm advocating to all of the clinic clinicians at Johns Hopkins at Stanford,
UCLA at Harvard,
please do testing of the patients for hearing
and vision and other behavioral tests that are
launches about emotion and mood and PTSD,
but let's actually get some physical measurements.
So then you can try prior during the day during is too too
complicated. It's too, in too much intervention,
you're tripping your brains out. You don't have time to be tested, you know,
for vision and audit, but then post wise,
and then looking at the residual effects. Now, Dr. James Fadiman,
he has of the Fadiman protocol. I have my protocol established photo protocol.
Uh, James Haldeman's protocol was micro-dosing one day on, uh,
two days off,
one days on my protocol that I'm suggesting is four days on
three days off. Um, and James and I are good friends.
We talk about this, laugh. The words were just babies.
Basically these are hypothetical potential treatments.
And the comparing data between the two of you.
This is what, um, microdose, uh, not me will,
do we want to say, are you following the established protocol,
the Fadiman protocol, our own protocol, are you using it with niacin?
Were you doing that with lion's mane? What are you using?
One then lion's mane as phenomenally powerful neurogenic
plea. And we there's two clinical studies out of Japan with mild, uh,
cognitive decline and dementia showing very positive results,
taken for a two to four grams of lion's mane per day. The mycelium interesting,
not the fruit bites, the mycelium is much more powerful. Um,
and we just have been contracting with a neurological
testing laboratory in France,
and then we just got some amazing results back showing that when we had
lion's mane, um,
extracts of the mycelium exposed to neurons, and they,
they couldn't pause a control was a brain derived nerve growth factor,
nerve factor.
And it was used as a baseline for measuring neurogenic compounds,
comparatively, and the neurogenesis benefits from a,
this is where the pleura potent stem cells,
stem cells that then differentiate and the neurons and the BD enough clearly
shows that it's a standard protocol with a lion's mane.
It also increased the number of neurons.
Then we started looking at analogs of psilocybin and the analogs
when we added the lion's mane mycelium with the salsa and analogs,
which are perfectly legal. The non-scheduled one substances.
Psilocybin analogs are not exactly as silicide and analog.
There's a number of them that have been reported in the literature there's bay
assistant and Norberto system are two of the more prominent ones.
Now. Um,
I I'm a psycho not and 1960
bail system,
a report of a child died outside of Kelso,
Washington from eating mushrooms in his yard, the family ingested the mushrooms.
Um, they went to the hospital, the child developed a fever,
eventually had renal failure and died. Uh,
I a chemist by the name of lung and then, uh,
Benedict and Tyler picked up on this. They analyze the mushrooms,
looking for a new toxin.
The mushrooms were identified as being [inaudible] beyo cistus.
It is a mushroom that goes in Washington state and Oregon sometimes in British
Columbia, but not in Northern California. It's very rare species,
but grows in yards.
When they analyze the mushroom looking for our new potential toxins,
they found this alkaloid, it's a Dartmouth tryptamine based compound,
and they named it biosystem after sloppy bowel cistus.
So biosystem had the reputation of potentially being a deadly poisonous toxin is
present and cubensis is present in many souls.
I have mushrooms and my books also have mushed under the world has charts that
show home it's Biosystems in these things,
but no one had ever eat a consumed biosystem because this reputation
bay assistant is legal.
I obtained some pure biosystem from a laboratory legally.
I have no soul sovereign, you know,
nature provides I don't people make this very clear, um, but I can have,
I can possess these salts have been analogs. And so, uh,
since there was no reports in the scientific literature of whether this was
truly toxic or not, I with my doctor,
friend of mine, MD that measured my vitals and hooked me up, you know,
to blood pressure, ECG that all the biometrics that are needed.
And so we did an end of one study.
I decided that even though it has a history of potentially of killing this
child, I think that's a false positive. I think it was bad science.
I couldn't find no one who ever adjusted this. So I decided I would ingest it.
Now, my friend, Pam, she's an MD that goes into, um,
and the Antarctica, she's the only doctor on a research vessel.
And so she goes down there and she gets to bring a roommate and it was me.
And so Pam and I were working really hard to be had.
All of our plan tickets were ready to go to Antarctica.
We had been planning this for months. Um, and then we decided, well,
just before go Paulus, do the biosystem test. You know,
we had talked about this for months. We finally got the time to do this,
but the next day we're going to Antarctica.
So Penn looks at her cell phone and this,
this Russian research crashed into a reef, tore a hole in it.
And it's like, as now the trip is canceled now. I mean, I'm American express,
you know, plane tickets, hotels.
I got 24 hours to try to recapture all this money because I can't, we can't go,
the shutter trips are in canceled. So I had super high anxiety.
I told my doctor friend, I, I, I have too much anxiety. I can't go,
this is too crazy. And then she kind of looked at me on listening.
We've been planning this for months. Um, you know, please.
And I listened to her.
And so I did 10 milligrams of bail system.
And she had measured my heartbeat, blood pressure, all those, all those metrics.
My eyes did dilate. She said that was good. And so I was out drunk, like a.
And then she checked in with me every 10, 15 minutes, 20 minutes a year yearly,
you have left off one hour, you're full blown into it.
And she talked with me and she talked with me and she asked,
and I didn't get high. I'm not alone. She goes, how do you feel? And I said,
I feel great. I have no anxiety. Everything with this trip is going to be fine.
So here we found a analog of psilocybin that does not get you high
that's legal, that reduced anxiety.
I think this is the tip of the proverbial iceberg because all the clinical
studies are approved right now for pure psilocybin. What about the analogs?
They activate other receptor sites, you know,
in your field and your neuro neurological field.
And that's why I think this is why looking at the natural form of these
mushrooms standardized to a sole Simon,
a certain concentration versus the pure molecule.
I think that is the way of the future because pure cells, Ivan is up to six,
$7,000 a gram, uh,
and you can translate that into growing. I have mushrooms for $2 a gram.
Now there are people out there listening, saying, well,
the price is coming down. Indeed it is,
is down maybe to a thousand to $500 a gram,
but how many people in the urban low, lower income,
you know, uh, impoverished population suffering from PTSD,
who don't can't afford to go to Johns Hopkins to spend tens of thousands of
dollars to have a clinical treatment. I think this democratizes the,
uh, the use of psilocybin and micro dosing,
that could be a benefit across our society.
And then my proposing is you stock it with niacin.
And the reason why you stack it with niacin is you take one 10th of a gram of
sloppy cubensis microdose.
You add a hundred to 200 milligrams of niacin. Now,
if someone tries to get high by taking 10 times as much,
they'll have like two grams of niacin. This is a flushing niacin, vitamin B3,
and that flushing nice.
And we'll give you such an irritable reaction of skin touching of people who've
taken vitamin B three, they know this.
So it becomes the ant abuse for microdosing,
but more over it excites, um, the, uh, nerves,
uh,
at the end of the peripheral nervous system and neuropathies oftentimes present
themselves a deadening of the fingertip, the nerves of the fingertips and toes.
And it's also a vasodilator.
So there's three attributes of stocking niacin with silicide mushrooms.
So it prevents abuse becomes the anti-abuse,
it dilates the blood vessels to deliver the neurogenic benefits of Seoul, Simon,
to the endpoints points of the peripheral nervous system and the central nervous
system. Um, and, um, it then, and also excites the nerve ending.
So I think those three reasons this could, uh,
I hope to see the future silicide mushrooms being over the counter
vitamins approved by the FDA stock with niacin that allows for the
universality of use for the benefit, uh, of our,
our culture and what we were talking last time.
Can I pause you there for a second?
Is there any other evidence of people taking these analogs and having this
anti-anxiety effect other than you, I mean,
this seems so very small sample size, right? It's just one person.
Yes. There are as an antidepressant,
as far as anxiety and depression are interrelated.
There are reports James Fadiman in his studies. He is population study,
which had admittedly small, did not see an anti anxiety component,
but other clinical studies at John Hopkins, also the anxiety of dying.
From cancer. But that was actually silicide.
But what I'm saying with you is also,
you had a very profoundly stressful situation happening,
something you had prepared for for a long time,
then all of a sudden it was gone and all this money's gone,
you got to try to figure out how to get it back. He's like it's immediate.
Right? Right. Maybe with these other people,
they didn't have such an immediate anxiety moment and maybe their
anxiety, it was harder to measure whether it was coming or going.
Absolutely. Um, is there one study this needs,
this is just me. No, the.
Other one with the other people that have, uh, experienced it,
but didn't experience any anti-anxiety.
What else that we know in the scientific literature, Johann guards mentions. He,
I published philosophy algebra lessons with them.
The most potent sell-side mushroom in the world you'll hand guards says in one
thing that he was asked and he said that the bail system was equal to that of
Saul, Simon. I don't have high confidence in that statement.
I considered by a system I was ready for lift off. I was hoping for lift off.
I know, but liftoff feels like, and I didn't get it. So, so this is,
this is what happens in science so much is the
scientists, when the, you can't do a clinical study, we bioassay,
this is very common. This is how Albert Hoffman discovered LSD. He bioassays it.
So we need to do it accidentally though. He did.
It accidentally, right. Got in and went for this famous bike ride.
But then he did it purposely, uh, after that. But nevertheless,
this is what our scientific, you know, psycho knots must do sometimes.
Yeah. Sasha Shogun is famous for it,
the most famous of all and the most revered. Um,
and he bioassay based on his knowledge of chemistry,
he wasn't going to try to commit suicide. So, so,
so this is really an area that I think has enormous, um,
value and a several medicine studies have come out.
Uh,
one that I had mentioned before is a population of several hundred thousand pro
prisoners.
And there was a 18% reduction in violent crime and,
um, 22% or so,
a reduction in larceny and theft in a population where they reported,
they had one psilocybin mushroom experience. Um,
and statistically significant now association may not be causation,
but it can be, but a more recent study from British Columbia,
which I find to be so fascinating is that they did
a large population set and partner and a partner violence.
If you're a male partner had done one psilocybin trip
to stitch the statistically significant reduction of the probability of
that partner being violent towards the other partner,
statistically significant. So I always thought that there's a dating app.
Maybe you should have the dating app. Have you tripped on soul Simon? Yes.
Well that may be a better candidate for dating.
So I think psilocybin makes nicer people. And I think we,
didn't a lot more nicer people that are more creative that are dedicated to
helping the community. And I think this is a,
a potential paradigm shifting, uh, drug unquestionably.
And here's the other thing. This could be profit. I mean, these,
these companies that are seeking to profit off of pharmaceutical drugs,
you can profit off this stuff,
particularly with the protocol that you just described with the adding nice into
it, to ensure that people are doing only microdosing. Look, man,
this could be a very profitable enterprise for some company. And the benefits.
If, if people can mirror the benefits that you had of this, uh,
alleviation of anxiety, I mean, God,
that's like most of what people struggle with.
So many people out there listening to this right now, like,
I wish there was something that didn't get me high,
but just to alleviate this [inaudible] that so many people are struggling with
every day.
I'd say it's a massive disease complex as swept our societies and,
um, and the, and facing all these problems. How could you not become depressed?
Well, you cannot become depressed by becoming creative. And I think that Saul,
Simon and microdosing enables the creative pathways for ingenuity,
for us to feel that we have meaning we can make a meaningful difference.
And it's really important. You know, we've entered into six acts,
the sixth greatest extinction event known in the history of life on this planet.
We've have two other extinction events from asteroid impacts 250 million years
ago, 65 million years ago.
But we're in now involved in a massive extinction event.
And the research that came out today and the other resource has come out with
75% of the insect population,
40% in an immediate jeopardy. The research article came out,
said in Europe and north America, they have good data collection in Amazon.
They don't. So what do you mean having measured the insect loss in the Amazon,
but if you're a trout, if you're a bird, if you like, uh, drinking coffee,
uh, and you like chocolate and you like almonds, I mean,
these are all dependent upon pollinators. Um, so we lose these flying insects.
We lose the pollination services and it threatens worldwide food biosecurity.
This is one of the biggest threats start ecosystem.
Now I think we can invent our ways out of this. If we creatively,
you know, expand our ability to come up with novel solutions.
And I think those solutions are literally underfoot on all around us today.
We just have to wake up. Like I woke up to helping the bees,
so many smart people out there.
If they just started realizing the nature is a deep well of evolutionary
knowledge and that we have evolved within this complexity
then to delve into that library of knowledge and pulling out applicable
solutions that had by science controlled studies,
but not looking at these pharmaceutical pure molecules as the way of the future,
but looking at the, upon the complexity of the microbiome,
the complex interrelationships and selecting out microbiomes that then quake
guilds of solutions that are applicable to the problems that we face today.
All right. I like that idea. All.
Of it. It's just, it's,
it's beautiful that there are these natural solutions that, you know,
maybe if we could just shift people's ideas about how we view
psilocybin and how we view the analogs,
how we view the interaction with people in nature that you can, you know,
we can make a real change, make a change.
That's tangible inside of our lifetime. And again,
selling this stuff like if, look,
we're seeing what's happening right now with medical marijuana and then shifting
to commercial marijuana and now hemp it's giant. I mean,
this is a huge industry through it's changed Colorado,
Colorado Denver's real estate has gone through the roof.
People are moving there so much that they've got traffic problems.
Now they never conceived of in the past it's it's changed their economy and it's
changed their economy due to just a really obvious shift. Here's the shift.
Marijuana is not bad for you. It's not, we thought it was, it's not,
we're sorry. You could have it now and now you could sell it.
And now it's legal, but federally we're still dealing with schedule one.
So it's, it's there. These shifts are happening.
These companies are investing money.
There's a lot of profit to be made and a lot of people are profiting,
but it's still in this weird transitionary stage.
Is, but this is a people's revolution. When you have decriminalized, uh, uh,
nature coming out of Oakland,
which I'm fully in favor of how dare we make a species illegal at that makes no
sense to.
Me. What is Oakland specifically? They've made Iowasca psilocybin? What else?
Um.
All natural products was psychoactive properties to the best of my
understanding, uh, both Denver and Oakland.
They removed the funding of the four prosecutors and judges in the
courts.
So you can't use public funds in order to prosecute people for possession.
So this is a visual arrest them for it though. Well, the law enforcement,
officer's not getting paid, he's not doing his job.
He's violating his code of conduct. Um,
you arrest them and you take them to a prosecutor. A project goes,
I have no funding for this. Uh, you're wasting our time.
You're just coming here. I was wasting my time. I have murders. What.
If someone's selling it? Decriminalization does not.
It doesn't prevent you from being prosecuted for selling a segue schedule one
substance, right.
That's a really, really good question. And I have, um, thoughts on it.
That's controversial, uh, because this speaks to the ability of, uh,
some people having access and not if you want,
I only trip on silicide mushrooms once or twice a year. Um, that's all,
all I need as Terence McKenna. And I think Alan Watts said when, when you, uh,
when you get the message from the phone, hang it up. Um,
so if you just have these souls have mushrooms growing in your
backyard, or you know how to collect them, um,
then you only need one or two doses a year and even micro dosing. You know,
you get, you get a lot more extension of that. But my,
my view and I I've never had any problem with lawns for forcement, um,
in Washington,
Oregon and British Columbia in Canada in particular law enforcement has a very
pretty mature attitude towards this, the view of a small amount.
And you're not trafficking and you're for individual use. It's just,
doesn't raise the level of the need for them.
No, I understand that, but I just wish there was no incentive at all.
There was nothing there like this,
the idea that you have to rely on the good grace of a cop who understands that
there's no incentive to arrest you. That seems like horse to me. Like we're,
we're grown adults in 2019 with a mountain of evidence. This is not,
we're not living in the dark ages anymore.
In the fact that it's still a possibility that you get arrested, or you could,
you could face some sort of criminal charges for having something that's only
been demonstrated to be good.
Why is the citizens movement? The federal government? I mean,
the Republicans and conservatives and libertarians are all about state rights.
This is a people's movement.
They should get behind this because individual community rights, uh,
against the big man against, uh, the federal government, the federal government,
there needs to be a title change. And how do we do that is because we, uh,
we have decriminalized, uh, uh, nature in Oregon.
We have the de vendor, Denver initiative, other cities around the country.
It's now spreading throughout the entire country.
There's probably 20 cities and the next 16 months they're going to have
decriminalization the city.
I also think it's a significant solution to this problem that we're facing with
pills and a lot of destructive drugs.
There's a lot of self-destructive drugs that people are taking because these
people are hurting. What, what siliciden gives you that these drugs don't,
it gives you a potential to heal. It gives you a moment to reflect.
It gives you a change in the way you think, and you interface with the world,
and that just doesn't exist in those other drugs. Those drugs are escape drugs,
and the need to escape is what we got to eliminate.
And I think that's one of the things that psilocybin can help.
It can help alleviate the need to escape.
And, um, uh, shout out to, uh, Rick, uh, Doblin and Atlanta, uh, uh,
Galilee, um, of maps, um, maps.org,
the multi-disciplinary association for psychedelic studies, uh,
maps.org and maps.ca in Canada, um, have been instrumental in bringing,
uh, forward, uh, secondary, uh, drugs for PTSD and clinical studies. Uh,
maps is now in phase three with MBMA with MTMA on a couple of
times. So yeah, his, I mean, he's a real pioneer in this.
And so what's interesting in getting now I'm from three different groups.
I have heard, who've sat down with FDA scientists.
There's been a new turnover within the FDA and the scientists are looking at
just pure science without politics. They don't care about politics.
They want to help people. And, uh, several of them have said,
they've never seen it with psilocybin in particular,
a safer drug with such a dramatic impact was so infrequency of use
one or two times. Um,
and so there was a movie that just came out called fantastic
fungi and, um, and Michael Poland's in there, I'm in there.
Um, uh, Louie Schwartzberg has put it out. He,
he spent 12 years working on this movie. That's fantastic. fungi.com.
It's a grass roots movement. Theaters are selling out all over the country. Uh,
they book it in New York city for one night.
They have to keep it in for a week because they're standing lines,
a sanding room, you know, long lines to get into the theater.
And it's all about the use of mushrooms and the John Hopkins, uh,
studies with end of life patients. Um, it's very, very well done.
Um, but it speaks to this is that this is literally, um,
quote unquote underground movement. That's welling up. And the,
the attraction that people have for this is a reflection of the title
change that is happening. Now,
this is a worldwide movement that is sweeping through the mycelial underground,
through connection. So something I'd very much encourage you to,
to see fantastic.